Include addtag and deletetag test cases in DG (#323)
AY2324S2-CS2103-F15-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

- `remark 100000 r/Birthday on 31 July.`.
- `remark 1 r/Birthday on 31 July r/`.

### Adding one or more tags to a person

#### Successful addition of one or more tags to a person

**Prerequisites:**
1. List all persons using the `list` command. At least 5 persons are in the list.

**Example Test Case**: `addtag 1 t/PRUSafe365`.

**Expected Result:**

> 1. `PRUSafe365` is added to the first contact on the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The tag `PRUSafe365` is added to the first contact of the list.
```

2. *Person List* shows all persons in FINDvisor. 
3. *Command Result Box* outputs a successful execution message with the details of the contact with the added tags.
4. *Command Box* is cleared.

**Alternative Test Cases:**
- `addtag 1 t/PRUSafe365 t/PRUGrowth`.
- `addtag 5 t/PRUActiveCash`.

#### Invalid index, tag or command format supplied when adding one or more tags to a person

**Prerequisites:**

> 1. List all persons using the `list` command. Multiple persons are in the list (less than 100000).

Reviewer 2: I think we should change this to `less than 100`? The cases for this should change as well.

**Example Test Case**: `addtag t/PRUSafe365`.

**Expected Result:**
1. The tag is **not added** to any person in the contact list.
2. Input in the *Command Box* remains and turns red.
3. Error details are stated in the *Command Result Box*.

**Alternative Test Cases:**
- `addtag 100000 t/PRUSafe365`.
- `addtag 3 t/ t/PRUSafe365`.

### Deleting one or more tags from a person

#### Successful deletion of one or more tags to a person

**Prerequisites:**
1. List all persons using the `list` command. At least 5 persons are in the list.
2. The tags exist on the targeted person.

**Example Test Case**: `deletetag 1 t/PRUSafe365`.

**Expected Result:**

> 1. `PRUSafe365` is deleted from the first contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The tag `PRUSafe365` is deleted from the first contact of the list.
```

2. *Person List* shows all persons in FINDvisor.
3. *Command Result Box* displays the deleted tag(s) and `name` of the specified person.
4. *Command Box* is cleared.

**Alternative Test Cases:**
- `deletetag 1 t/PRUSafe365 t/PRUGrowth`.
- `deletetag 5 t/PRUActiveCash`.

#### Invalid index, tag or command format supplied when deleting one or more tags to a person

**Prerequisites:**

> 1. List all persons using the `list` command. Multiple persons are in the list (less than 100000).

Reviewer 2: I think we should change this to less than 100? The cases for this should change as well.
